This was NOT intended to be built. Do not write to ask me to make it easier. Do not submit pull requests. And do not fork and do it yourself - my license to you forbids that. Also, if you somehow succeed, you're not licensed to share the resulting ROM.

All that said... here are some notes from a former conversation.

If you obtained the Windows HD version of Dragon's Lair, and dropped the WMVs in the right place, the scripts would do most of the work building the binary. 

Programming the gigacart is a bit of a challenge though. You need a modified TI console (I /can/ instruct on the mod) and a CF7 compact flash adapter with a card that works in 8-bit mode (and this you can only learn by trying it.) OR, and probably the easier way, program the flash chip in an external programmer before soldering it down. I built the first 40 or so this way. Then the CPLD can be programmed in circuit using 5 (I think) pogo pins - or you could solder a header to make just one.

Check othertools.zip for some of my custom tools. You may need to put them in specific places.

You'll also need the xtd99 tools installed - or at least the assembler, and Python to run them. The script assumes Python is on the path and for some reason I can't remember it dumps the object files into my Classic99 folder (I think I was using that to test them individually or something). Anyway... wasn't meant to be simple, just possible!

Don't replace any tools. They are each needed. dircmd.exe is a program I wrote years ago that batches commands by wildcard. It should be in video\zzscripting\tools.

I can see that I didn't push that folder to github (makes sense), so you just need to grab tividconvert:

https://harmlesslion.com/software/tividconvert/

Everything is in there, including dircmd and the other tools it needs to do the work. It should just drop into video\zzscripting\, but you can double check on the list I attached.

You will need to edit every batch file for your local paths - I used a lot of absolute paths.

Once all the files are in place, run the batch files from cmd (don't double-click them):

- run dirs.cmd in video - let it finish. The result are two .bin files in every video folder. Classic99 can play the <name>_8.bin files as video files for a test.
- run updatebin.cmd in the root - will generate output.bin in the root at about 77MB.
- run updategfx.cmd in the code folder. If it succeeds you will get a Test8.bin which is the final ROM. It can be run in Classic99 to test.

None of these batch files are very fault tolerant, they may ignore errors, so scroll up and read for error messages.
